# CODE OF CONDUCT

Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment include:

- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members

Enforcement Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying expected behavior and taking appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that violates this Code of Conduct.

Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at hr-ai-full-stack-developer@example.com. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

Enforcement Guidelines

1. Investigation: The maintainers will review reports with discretion, gather relevant information, and determine appropriate action.
2. Possible Actions: A response may include a warning, temporary or permanent ban from project spaces, or other remedial actions as deemed appropriate.
3. Appeal: Individuals subject to enforcement actions may contact the project team to appeal or discuss the outcome.

Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant and other standard open-source community conduct documents. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.
